Timestamp Docs Enhancement (#405)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/common-fields.mdx

| :------------------ | :------- | :------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `anonymousId`       | String   | Required | Unique identification for the user. This is the same as the `deviceId`.               |
| `channel`           | String   | Required | Identifies the source of the event. Permitted values are `mobile`, `web`, `server`.   |
| `context`           | Object   | Required | Contains all the additional user information. The RudderStack SDKs populate this information automatically. |
| `event`             | String   | Optional | Captures the user action that you want to record.                                     |
| `integrations`      | Object   | Optional | You can specify the destinations for which you want to enable/disable sending events. |
| `messageId`         | String   | Optional | Unique identification for the event.                                                  |
| `properties`        | Object   | Optional | Passes all the relevant information associated with the event.                        |

> | `originalTimestamp` | DateTime | Required | Records the time when the event was emitted in the SDK. Make sure it conforms to the ISO 8601 date format `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ`. For e.g., `2022-02-01T19:14:18.381Z`.                                                                            |

Reviewer: The source of the event needn't always be SDK.
```suggestion
| `originalTimestamp` | DateTime | Required | Records the actual time when the event occurred. Make sure it conforms to the ISO 8601 date format `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ`. For e.g., `2022-02-01T19:14:18.381Z`.                                                                            |
```

| `type`              | String   | Required | Captures the type of API. Values can be either `track`, `screen`, `identify`, `page`. |
| `sentAt`            | DateTime | Required | Captures the time when the event was sent from the client to RudderStack. Make sure it conforms to the ISO 8601 date format `yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSSZ`. For e.g., `2022-02-01T19:14:18.381Z`.                                                       |

## Clock skew considerations

RudderStack considers the time at its end to be absolute and assumes any difference on the client-side. Thus, the client clock skew is relative.

<div class="infoBlock">
  

> If not specified in the payload explicitly, RudderStack calculates <code class="inline-code">timestamp</code> based on <code class="inline-code">originalTimestamp</code> and <code class="inline-code">sentAat</code> to account for the client clock skew.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If not specified in the payload explicitly, RudderStack calculates <code class="inline-code">timestamp</code> based on <code class="inline-code">originalTimestamp</code> and <code class="inline-code">sentAt</code> to account for the client clock skew.
```

</div>

<div class="infoBlock">

> <code class="inline-code">sentAat</code> &gt; <code class="inline-code">originalTimestamp</code> is <strong>always true</strong>. However, <code class="inline-code">timestamp</code> can be more or less than the <code class="inline-code">originalTimestamp</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<code class="inline-code">sentAt</code> &gt; <code class="inline-code">originalTimestamp</code> is <strong>always true</strong>. However, <code class="inline-code">timestamp</code> can be more or less than the <code class="inline-code">originalTimestamp</code>.
```
